SNOW-730092: Fix float precision lost issue in SnowSQL (#1504)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

  - Added a parameter that allows users to skip file uploads to stage if file exists on stage and contents of the file match.
  - Fixed a bug when writing a Pandas DataFrame with non-default index in `snowflake.connector.pandas_tool.write_pandas`.
  - Fixed a bug when writing a Pandas DataFrame with column names containing double quotes in `snowflake.connector.pandas_tool.write_pandas`.

>   - Fixed a bug in `converter_snowsql.py` that converting TIMESTAMP_NTZ loses precision when the timestamp value is large.

Author: sure thing, I will mention it in the snowsql release notes as well

>   - Fixed a bug in `converter_snowsql.py` that converting TIMESTAMP_NTZ loses precision when the timestamp value is large.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Fixed a bug in SnowSQL that parsing `TIMESTAMP_NTZ` result loses precision when the timestamp value is large.
```
